---
layout: post
title: Dogeminer Discord is here, come chat with us!
---

# A Discord for all shibes!

You asked, _probably more than once_, we finally listened! The Dogeminer Discord server has **officially launched!**

_[imagine trumpet sounds]_

<amp-img width="1000" height="187" alt="Dogeminer Discord Logo" layout="responsive" src="/assets/images/blog-discord.jpg"></amp-img>

**[Tl;dr here's the invite link.](https://discord.gg/wrEfE7F){:target="\_blank"}**

## We're still working on it, be one of the first to join and help us shape it!

**Since it's just opened, it's a work-in-progress. But we think we got the basics we need to get going, and with your help, we can make it even better!**

Please join to have a chat with me, the mod team or all the other shibes that have put their paws forward! We got plenty of room and we don't bite. _Sometimes we even give away real dogecoin too!_

**Just remember to behave appropriately** - simply by being good & wholesome, you won't even have to read the rules. But if you're unsure of what that means, it's right below the welcome messages in the welcome channel.

**[Use this invite link to join us.](https://discord.gg/wrEfE7F){:target="\_blank"}**

You can also use the widget below, simply click the connect button! (It's only listing voice channels it seems, but we have way more chat channels!)

<amp-iframe sandbox="allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox" src="https://discordapp.com/widget?id=153602077854138369&theme=dark" width="350" height="500" frameborder="0"></amp-iframe>

On a separate note, I'd like to take a brief moment to tell you why patches have been rare in the past few months.

### Patches have slowed, why?

Some of you may already know this, **I recently got my first dog** (a **Shiba Inu**, of course), his name is **Vincent** and he's still a **puppy**, so he requires constant atttention and lots of play - and I really want to do it right.

That is the main reason for the slowed development. The second reason is that I'm also **moving to another apartment** (for the first time in almost 10 years - so much to throw away!). Which can be both stressful and very time-consuming. It should be mostly sorted and **done in about a month** (the moving, not the puppy!). I need to be out of my current apartment before May is up.

Once the moving is sorted, patches _should_ start coming in again _(summer is a wildcard and is just around the corner for us, this might make me melt for a month or so, depending on how long and hot the summer decides to be, if it gets very hot then working inside on the computer is... no fun at all!)_. Although the new apartment (still renting, I'm no rich shibe!) doesn't have windows facing the rising sun, so it might not be as bad as it has been the past years. _Here's to hoping!_

Anyway, now you know why patching and new content is on a bit of a downer.

_Thank you for your continued patience with this fun game/project & **please join the discord, it'll be awesome!**_

### There is a patch around the corner, but it's more of a 'micro-patch'

Nothing huge, a couple of bug fixes and some new shiny FX, along with (hopefully) a performance boost (I replaced the dogecoin counter, which was a PIXI.Text object, to a Bitmap-based version. This basically means it'll cost much less performance to update itself, which it does do a lot).

I still need to test it on a few more devices before I can roll it out, but so far I've not run into any problems. So that's **probably** being pushed out within a week. No new content inside of it yet I'm afraid.

If you suddenly notice that the game is completely broken, that might be the patch (always try a hard refresh - Ctrl/Cmd + F5 in Windows/OSX, mobile/tablet shibes might need to wait for their cache to clear (so annoying right?), but if it doesn't work at all or something is or seems very off - please let me know asap!)

_On behalf of myself and the mod team, **thank you for your continued support, suggestions, bug reports and more! You're awesome!** Lets keep growing! Much yay!_
